Update examples.md (#777)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/cloud-providers/aws/examples.md

# Examples

> Use the index on the right side of the page to find to example with the resource you’re looking to export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the index on the right side of the page to find an example for the resource/s you’re looking to export.
```
